["even through all of the negativity around the jet black color on the iphone7 i still want it it's so intense and i can't resist", 'i was in doubt whether or not to take the rose gold iphone7 because i thought it might not be for me. but i am so happy its so pretty ', 'i just deleted the shit out of apple maps and that useless apple watch promo. iphone7 ', 'i am finally putting my iphone7 away and getting some rest bcuz im so sick i cannot sleep. season. at least my complexion is perfect.', "so i tested iphone7 yesterday during musicrun. sad just sad. the camera's lowlight condition is still poor. seriously poor.", '\\n\\norder id 15748937543\\niphone7\\nplaced on 07 oct 2016\\nstill not shipped\\nprepaid rs 60k amp snapdeal is not helping me', "i can't lie i'm like a child at christmas iphone7 is not letting me down \\u263a\\ufe0f", 'feel so close..but so hard to get...chill..maybe the next month will be luckier.. iphone7 ', 'yal look stupid cutting up your headphones just to make a point iphone7', "i went to go buy an iphone7 but was told i couldn't buy it without buying extra headphones so i left. ", 'i am not able to decide which one to buy or iphone7. \\nkya yehi hai acche din ji?', "when i turn my silent switch on i'm still hearing when i type amp notification sounds. help iphone7", "i just realized how hard it is to live without a headphone jack can't pass the aux fam. iphone7 iphone7gang", 'now be like buy an iphone only to show that you can buy an iphone. not for the features iphone7 ', 'hey u know what would be the most outrageous new idea for the iphone7 ? charging it and plugging in ur headphones\\u2026', "amp now i have this stupid headphone adapter that i'm def gonna lose or break cuz it's so damn small amp fragile iphone7 woes lol", "day 3 of iphone7 at work wanting to listen to music but don't yet own bluetooth headphones and forgot the dicky little adaptor thing ", "i'm obsessed with this versace perfume i got myself and this iphone7. i've been making sure my phone stay clean since i got it. lol", 'ever since brought out the iphone7 mine keeps crashing it never did before so is this a fix or', "dear think i'll skip iphone7. nothing compelling there to make me upgrade from 6s. better luck next time", 'iphone7 is a disappointment is a disaster\\n\\nall eyes on 64bit 4gb ram\\nthe superstar of\\u2026', "...on other news ordered a bunch of gtx10701080 video cards iphone7 amp \\'s to use as sticky bombs \\n\\n", 'too poor to even write an iphone7 tweet.', "hey .love it when the guy in store told me my iphone7 would be @ my house oct. 1220 but it's not on my doorstep.. ", "so it's official iphone7 have a problem connecting to 4g i paid \\xa3700 for a 3g advertised as 4g when will this be sorted?", "gonna have to order about 10 more of these headphone adapters... lord knows i'm going to lose it iphone7 ", 'finally played with the 7 and 7 plus. pretty sick indeed iphone7 \\n ', "the annoyance of the no headphone input of the iphone7 has not yet worn off. in fact it's increasing ", 'not even a month into having the iphone7 i have already lost my damn earphone adapter thingy. shit ', "i'm like downloading all these apps on my iphone7 amp seeing how simple most ui appear guess i was overthinking my apps designs. ", 'is any other smartphone worth buying other than iphone7 give your suggestion thank you.', "we've been manic busy of late. sorry for the lack of tweets. who fancies an iphone7 ? retweet this message\\u2026", 'hey u know what would be the most outrageous new idea for the iphone7 ? charging it and plugging in ur headphones at the same time ', 'preordered my iphone7 over 5 weeks ago amp nothing. now people ordering last week have their iphone7 this is terrible service', 'on my way to get more shooting to my fans oh i quite like my new iphone7 self\\u2026', "iphone7 fail... just realized i can't charge it and use my headphones simultaneously ..... very bad... very very bad..... ", "if you would like to buy jet black iphone 7's 256gb today for only \\xa350 extra delivered to your door dm me iphone7 ", "what's the problem with iphone7 not syncing with media ? i'm actually having to listen to the radio??? help??", 'need a waterproof iphone7 case. anyone have suggestions for a case that already exists on the market and works? thanks ', 'some dope just spent 30 mins trying to hard reset iphone7 the old way ', 'bunny hop animation is really weird iphone7', "i love everything about my new iphone7 except the size. i prefer the original iphone screen size minus the bulk. it'll happen.", 'people be dropping new phones from 100ft but here i am holding my crappy flip phone scared if i drop it from 1ft. iphone7 ', "new iphone....don't mind if i do iphone7 ", "why can't make a smaller than but wiv more storage than iphone7 ? i want nonmetallic casing b\\u2026", 'ever since brought out the iphone7 mine keeps crashing it never did before so is this a fix or ', 'bumping the base model iphone7 to 32gb was likely a move to address any perceived softness in arpu among that class of users. smart.', "forgot i don't have a headphone jack and grabbed the wrong headphones on my way out iphone7", 'so apparently i have a delivery today this better not be that power bar iphone7 ', 'brand new iphone7 camera not working showing just black screen seems to be an software issue r\\u2026', 'i am not a big fan of for the usual reasons but their commercials are always memorable including the one for iphone7', "although i'm not an apple fan i am enjoying the iphone7 \\nit is the best iphone so far but not the best phone.", 'imessage still not working.. apple support said it takes 4872 hours to fix it self.. unreal.. iphone7', "the iphone7 is shatterproof. it's not chipifkickedacrossthestreet proof", 'iphone7 if your using it in the shower then you need to learn this water resistant. not steam resistant. steam will kill it just as fast.', "bringing the wrong headphones to work is a new problem i didn't have before iphone7", "seems '7' is unlucky for amp samsung. 1st turned into flames amp now iphone7 bursts into flames in australia.", 'why is silent mode on an iphone7 still a physical switch? i always knock it by mistake...', "where is maroc and why is it getting an iphone7 before the ? i'm sure maroc is less popular than my country but richer.", "i'm getting the iphone7 tomorrow and if i'm not impressed then i'll just be mad cause i'm not going back to ", 'iphone7 u want me. but it is next to impossible. ', 'iphone7 is a runaway hit with my 10yr old at home. not cos of its features but only cos thunderstruck is the soundtrack in the tv ad.', 'iphone7 is waterproof enough to from the shower. speaker is soft when there are drops of water in it though. still pretty cool.', "ok i'm starting to hate that i can't charge my phone and plug my headphones in at the same time iphone7", 'worst thing to do is preorder iphone7 through yet to receive. 2 weeks n counting', 'first the blows up now the iphone7 blows up. what else wants to blow up? not me', 'even i am waiting for flipkart to deliver iphone7 since 12 days. do let me know if you get a new delivery date. not 10th nov', "iphone7\\ni want to win the iphone7 because i'm poor and my parents can't afford to buy me a phone", "isn't feeling so bad about its plight. investigating similar 'fire' claims made by an australian against iphone7", 'please solve the unlimited data crisis you are so trash in this area slow internet problems iphone7', "the most humble mobile is iphone. notice 'i' in iphone. \\n iphone7 ", 'phone is temporary but kidney is permanent iphone7', 'i am now waiting for both my iphone7 plus and my new to ship. got me like a little bitch over here.', "i'll be looking at online tutorials on how to work the iphone7 because this is just bad lol", "we've been manic busy of late. sorry for the lack of tweets. who fancies an iphone7 ? retweet this message if you're interested", 'can someone give me accurate comparison between iphone7 amp ? comparison based on use experience amp not features list.', 'iphone7 commercial promotes releasing balloons which harms wildlife. . disappointing.', 'theory the iphone7 hissing sound could be hot air expanding and slowly leaking out of the watertight seals. i have the sound too.', "while the world waits for an update from regarding a fix here's another hidden iphone7 gem failed\\u2026", 'just realized you cannot charge the iphone7 directly on the new pros. really shows how confused apple is right now.', '13\\nnew\\nfree shipping\\niphone 7 hard case slim cover\\nblack amp rose gold by vena\\n iphone7\\n \\n\\u2192h\\u2026', "i was initially very skeptical about not having the 3.5 mm jack on my phone anymore but i haven't missed it much. iphone7", "not gonna front' i'm loving my new iphone7 plus ", 'how many new iphone7 handsets with poor performance gps chips are out there. we have 1.', 'the jew gay tim cook fix battery issues on old iphone asap in next update we will never buy new iphone7 useless phone', 'breaking news apple adds a bunch of random shit to the iphone7 hoping you forget it can be hacked with ease', "so i tested iphone7 yesterday during musicrun. sad just sad. the camera's lowlight condition is still poor. seriously p\\u2026][u'\\n 5 lucky winners can win an iphone7 from pair amp in pers\\u2026", 'timcook the jew gay tim cook fix battery issues on old iphone asap in next update we will never buy new iphone7 useless phone', 'just traded in my iphone 5s for a iphone7 and i feel like everything i say is an accidental innuendo. damn this thing is big', "kiiiiiiind of nerding out about the iphone7 portrait mode. like how? sidenote i don't have an 7 yet... but dang it it's hard to resist.", "i'll take a waterproof phone over a silly headphone jack any day. thanks iphone7", "not sure who's fault it is but one of u should try and fix it. iphone7 etc", 'unable to book iphone7 on jio through website.kindly provide me list where it is available in ', 'iphone7 camera portrait mode has some pretty significant restrictions. no flash hdr or ois. not tossing the dslrs out just yet.', 'matte black or jet black? iphone7', 'coming soon from apple cordless bungee jumping iphone7', 'another case i heard about iphone7. is the number 7 a bad omen for companies this year. ', "iphone7 fail i can't charge my phone and listen to music via normal earphones i hate bluetooth headphones", "anyone know how i can find the date on iphone7 only way i've found it so far is on calendar but i'm using a better app for that.", "i've never done the thing so i just give my for the iphone7 ", "day 5 on iphone7 seriously why did i ever leave ? after this i'm considering being an exclusive apple fan boy", 'not true. camera lens cover and top of home button both sapphire. iphone7', 'what happens when internal teams don\\u2019t talk to each other? the iphone7 ships with a regular usb cable instead of usbc to lightning\\u2026', "love this case for the iphone7. minimal and virtually like it's not there. "]